I find you in this video for
the first video of the series of
answering questions ans it will be a
video games girl meet our
questions that are most often
asked these are shorter videos where
I will answer one question at a time
to give you an answer
succinct but who can help you
in your food rebalancing or
in your new lifestyle shortcomings
within the jaunay must I do sports
to lose weight so very much first
remember that in a loss of
weight is the sport represents about 20
at 30% must make weight but all the
rest comes from your and innovation
of which 80% comes from food is
you say that the abs are
made in the kitchen because of its
food choices and all the importance
really had to balance your
food
you can lose weight without doing any
I love them or we do not like them
first kilos without any activity
sports all in just 1.10 million
calorie and
rebalancing my diet
now personally I am you
advise you feel ready to include
in fact some physical activity
for several reasons that I you
share and now first the sport
will make you burn more calories
so this plus your rebalancing
food by lowering your calories at
nutrition level will make sure you
go lose weight then in addition to
calories burned because we are going
redraw
so that's something you're going
really see at your level
silhouette and who I assure you
will do a lot of good you will
feel firmer finer finer and
this will motivate you to continue more
your muscles will become stronger and become
louder she responds not to become
bigger do not worry about
that they become higher do
really go there
they're going to firm up that means that
you were actually going to increase your rate
of resting metabolism
it simply means that as
and as you go, you will burn more
more calories even when you do not
do not play sports and to finish at
mind level that makes a big
difference after your workout
you feel so good it does
a good crazy and well also the fact that
you have this feeling of having done this
what to do so that would put you
in a much more positive attitude
and this will help you so keep on
the long term I 'm doing a sport that you
agrees that you like that you like
simply because otherwise you
do not hold on in the long run
and as for rebalancing
food is a habit to take
not just time to lose
weight otherwise it will really serve
pick up once you will stop but
you will see that the effects of sport
on your body are going little by little
fade what would really be
shame so better go for a
gentler activity if you prefer
but you will do in the long run
started slowly by small
sessions and gradually increase
your body needs to adapt to
this new physical activity so that
it's useless to go there directly
background and exhaust yourself and so when your
body is not ready are you going to
do not feel very well and you risk
you disgust us better go there
slowly slowly gradually but
surely and little by little be able to
do more you do not have to do two
hours of sport every day for that
it's effective but we'll talk about it
in a next video I tell you to
soon and take care of yourself